*********************************
  What's New in NSClient++ 0.5.0
*********************************

:Author: Michael Medin

.. |release| replace:: 0.4.4

Introduction
============

The main goals of the 0.5.0 is t make NSClient++ easier to use and more future proof.

 * New improved WebUI
 * Metrics support
 * Improved clients and beter support for graphite et.al.
 
**PLEASE NOTE** NRPE has been changed (from 0.4.3), for details read below.

New WebUI
---------

While I really loved the new WebUI in 0.4.3 it is much a proof of concept. I have in 0.5.0 reworked this to be much more feature compelate as well as usable. The WebUI is now I think ready for prime time and will probably make configuring NSClient++ much much simpler.
A side effect of the new WebUI is the REST support which NSClient++ now has meaning you can now check/configure/* NSClient++ using a REST API.

Metrics
-------

While metrics might seem like a dumbed down check command (without the checks) it is actually the foundation of ther next generation of NSClient++.
It will apart from just beein nice and allow much easier handling of Graphite et.al. allow checking compund metrics.

NRPE enhancements (0.4.3)
-------------------------

**If you are using NRPE you are in for a chock!**

::

  In 0.4.3 we will no longer support the rather insecure regular NRPE! 
  You can still enable support but you have to do so (in the installer or using the command line mode). 
  So keep a heads up when you run the installer so you wont miss it.

The idea is that when NSClient++ ships a new check_nrpe will be provided which wont have the limitations of the old one.
